a Sfar is becoming a chaplain. It it is, is competitive because I think
in the military, in general, across the board, um, we're looking for
the best and the brightest. And so, um, being a good minister or
pastor or priest or imam out in the civilian world does not hold the
same requirements, even physical standards that one must maintain to
build to keep up with those 18 to 24 year olds. So a lot of people
are disqualified just based on age or based on their physical standards.
And then it comes down to the requirements as faras experience
in education. So to become a chaplain, you have to have a bachelor's
degree and a master's degree, plus at least two years of ministry
experience. And that's not equal out in the civilian world. So I would
say it's competitive to even just become a chaplain. And then while
you're in the chaplaincy, if everybody is at that, high rate is just
more competitive. Toe promote into advance